I'm dying, put it on me, right?
Ok, I'll treat you well.
Entertain I can
But it has nothing to do with him
He is innocent.
Send him away first
You want him to tip off, right?
I'd like to see it
Who dares to interfere in our affairs?
Let him go you go first
Go home first and don't tell Uncle Chen what happened here
Hmph, do you think I'll thank you?
dream
Boss, I'll give you one last chance
Obediently let me take your chance
I'll give you a chance too
Now I can pretend that nothing happened
See if you are scared silly
Boss, how dare you hurt my scar man?
Did you eat ambition leopard gall?
I have no enmity with you
You came to trouble me
Then do it well
Trouble preparing?
I wanted to have a good time with you
Since you are not interested
Don't blame me
Break it for me